in chalk here but for this week Tony
Mason reports on the face national ready
from the Isle of Man
start the next National Rally series is
traditionally involvement in federal a
double champion Chris Miller's again set
the pace leather Stephen was in
contention especially the rally moving
to the Hampshire forests the now aging
metro 6r4 still allowed to compete in
britain's number to rally series and do
so it could affect ostrom Tony they
spend around on the early stages but
beneath the escort rather mark kevin has
somewhat close ended his season 600
miles north bound to Granite City rally
in Aberdeen in mark and the game fellas
would take maximum championship points
Steve Hills aging mitsubishi galant was
relegated to third spot but he still
maintains second in the championship
ahead of Roger genre is unique to 59
sport a legend Sierra
Scott Neal to demonstrate for the
shortest line isn't always the safest
yet Zubrin deja mom soon heading for
home for the outright winner on the
granic city was Scottish championship
contender and be born
the southern Marvin kick series of most
unusual events at the mall I mean the
motorsport mad I love month for the
monks national rally it's the fastest
valley in the series with a hundred and
twenty all tarmac stage file the
Magnificent entry of a hundred cars the
list Rally Champion ereader Chris
Mullins had a new co-driver Richard
pullin and the new livery for the
causeway so now the Chesterfield man
look of four
the Knights lanes got narrower digo
didn't further trouble suddenly found he
was on a family holiday early departure
Chris what happened and bit of a problem
on the current stage to the third stage
very now to start off with I just got
out the library cycling is a problem and
obviously hit something in the agency
concern or something and it go from well
off the sweet Pete dowdy has built
himself an escort cosworth this year I'm
not contesting the leading series the 90
94 month winner was looking good setting
impressive times the John price rally
Metro was another non championship
contender Steven price going into the
fifth stage he was in third position
Steve Hillsdale Apollo's were pressing
hard in the X safarik are intent on
chasing championship points and counting
what event Viet nasty accident
he knows but the price funnel is luck
with death look out this weekend as
County took over the lead of the rally
stage six and puncture halfway through
and sort of drove on it and destroy this
suspension in a very shaft and my sis
out one of Britain's best female rally
drivers Andrea Hall moved up in power
this year to see Eric Koston 313 you
lead the ladies here
the notorious abalones crossroads group
usual though flying and ditching the
clock drivers for managing news Road
Rally Champion bill Quinn was making a
rare appearance but his vast experience
was showing and he was well it with the
leaders his co-driver in the subaru
impreza was former march racing team
owner robbing her they would beneath a
brilliant singer BTW grave and establish
is the main service area on fast
national and cars visit this several
times steve hill is out running
carefully aware the FinTech series he's
now opening up responsible cell that's
gonna be Chris fair and square but I
wasn't resuming the songs anymore
creature why would you say that such an
amazing attrition rate here I think
everything's going very quickly and his
driver and tends to some of them all
peoples have sent caution to the wind
yes you feel invincible another these
doubt he had his own explanation what
the problem is is a with the mintex boys
they only do one time a key event the
year and this would like go active head
on I'm just gonna in trouble and I mean
what are your tactics now because you've
up the nice little lead have you I'll
just try and set them anything this
fight me help you lead now Kiev
co-driver link
please the room across the island is the
occupation she came slow down the
average speed
lancia in the growl is allows dinner on
the ground and they used to be Steve
Smith still taught some good results
despite getting rather close to the
furniture on occasions the only de
Guzman Allen cook was still having a
trouble free run and would take third
place on this event and score maximum
baquet's points in the end Doughty
Hanako his own way with a two minute
lead over bill quick it was time for
celebration of the usual raced of
champagne so a superb second match with
the beatdown t man who's taken over the
lead in the mint x series is behind me
steve hill cristela boil the battle for
the series continues in June in
mid-wales on the carriage National Rally